yeah i'm from malaysia and you know food
is a pretty big thing back there rice is
a big staple
you know if you go to malaysia like five
kilos that's the smallest sack of rice
you can get in a shop in asia
let me go to your tescos here you seem
to have the most adorable little sachets
of hundred gram rice
like who's that for a fly i sent a photo
of that to my mom she was like why are
they selling the free samples
why are they selling rice in cocaine
bags
every asian household owns a rice cooker
yeah and i see you guys getting confused
when i say rice cooker i don't mean you
hire some chinese guy
it's a device that makes rice perfect
every time that you don't use here in
the uk you know i've seen how you guys
make rice here
it's tragic that's two main methods
number one
saucepan right you boil the rice and you
stir it like a witch in the 1800s
sometimes it's still wet afterwards so
you strain it with a colander
if you aren't laughing now you're
thinking isn't that what you're supposed
to do
second way and the worst way of all
uncle ben's
instant rice microwave stuff
bing okay that's enough asian culture
for me
squeeze my lunch off this pouch
uncle ben's has indian rice mexican rice
cantonese fried rice but he's an old
black guy
why are we still buying that product
you buy uncle wong's jerk chicken
i wouldn't and he's my real uncle
also don't put your phones in rice to
dry them
it doesn't work and it pisses us off
we're nice enough to make those phones
for you don't put in our food please
thank you guys thank you